Add information about testing-unit Gradle module (#2674)
home-assistant/developers.home-assistant: docs/android/testing/unit_testing.md

When writing unit tests, you often need to isolate the code under test by mocking its dependencies. The project uses [MockK](https://mockk.io/). Use this tool to create mocks or fakes for external dependencies, ensuring that your tests remain focused on the behavior of your code.

### Sharing code between Gradle modules

> The project includes a Gradle module named `:testing-unit` for sharing code across other Gradle modules. Add code to this module if it is intended to be reused in multiple places. Make sure that `:testing-unit` remains independent from modules like `:common` to avoid circular dependencies.

Reviewer: Tests like these are mostly new for Android ✨

```suggestion
The project includes a Gradle module named `:testing-unit` for sharing code across other Gradle modules. Add code to this module if it is used in multiple places. Make sure that `:testing-unit` remains independent from modules like `:common` to avoid circular dependencies.
```
